added one highle recommended goal in the README (#27)
ExcQL/ExcQL: README.md

- Ability to process excel file in the backend
- Ability to translate excel file to an object that contains SQL table structure and relationship
- Ability to translate the SQL table structure and relationship into a SQL script

---

### Recommendations for next iteration:

Priority:

- Connect middleware to achieve a working router
  - v.1.0 contains all the individual pieces, but the middlewares have not been connected. **This should be a priority for next iteration** so the app can be fully functional
- Connect backend to frontend
  - Remove usage of dummy data in front end and achieve a fully functional end-to-end product

Highly recommended:

- Ability to delete table/column mapping on the UI
  - There is ability to add additional rows, but no functionality to delete
- For sorting table/column mapping by column letter, ensure column AA occurs after Z, etc.
  - Excel adds one additional (of the same) letter to any column beyond Z. Currently, the app uses default sort method to sort user input regarding table to column mapping. The sorting approach should be revisited to ensure the application can put say, column AA after Z and column BBB after AA.

> - Dynamiccally removing anchors from the \_id columns that aren't serving as targets for edges/relationship connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For ER diagrams - dynamically removing anchors from the `_id` columns that aren't serving as targets for edges/relationship connections.
```
